# Documentation of Prompts and Settings

## Content

- [Execution-1](#execution-1)

## Template

<table>
    <tr>
        <td>Name</td>
        <td>...</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Goal</td>
        <td>...</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Model</td>
        <td>...</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Temperature</td>
        <td>...</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Top-K</td>
        <td>...</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Top-P</td>
        <td>...</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Token Limit</td>
        <td>...</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Prompt</td>
        <td>
            <pre>

            </pre>
        </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Output</td>
        <td>See below</td>
    </tr>
</table>

## Execution-1

<table>
    <tr>
        <td>Name</td>
        <td>Dramatic News JFK</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Goal</td>
        <td>Producing dramatic news article on assassination of JFK</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Model</td>
        <td>deepseek-r1-distill-llama-70b</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Temperature</td>
        <td>0.9</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Top-K</td>
        <td>-</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Top-P</td>
        <td>-</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Token Limit</td>
        <td>2000</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Prompt</td>
        <td>
            <pre>
            # inputs
            event = "Assassination of John F Kennedy"
            scenario = "What if JFK was not murdered?"
            output_type = "news article"
            role = "journalist"
            additional_instructions = "Be dramatic. You are working for The Sun."

            prompt = f"""
                Based on the following Wikipedia summary about the {event}:
                {event_summary}

                f"Take on the role {role} in 2025. Write a {output_type}."
                f"Imagining that the following event in history had a different outcome: {event}."
                f"Consider the following scenario: {scenario} as counterfactual scenario."
                f"{additional_instructions}"
                f"Write it not conditional. Write in active style such that you could think it really happened like this"
            """
            </pre>
        </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Output</td>
        <td>See below</td>
    </tr>
</table>

### Output Excution-1
 THE SUN
-------

*2025 EDITION*






ðŸ“° A WORLD REIMAGINED: THE ENDURING LEGACY OF JOHN F. KENNEDY
----------------------------------------------------------



*How One Moment in Dallas Changed the Course of History*



In a twist of fate that continues to ripple through the annals of time, the world reflects
on the profound implications of a reality where John F. Kennedy, the 35th President of the
United States, survived the assassination attempt in Dallas on November 22, 1963. This
alternate timeline presents a fascinating glimpse into a world where leadership and vision
reshaped global dynamics, leading to a legacy that endures to this day.




ðŸ“° A Presidency Continued: The Domino Effect of Peace and Progress
---------------------------------------------------------------



Historians in 2025 point to the survival of JFK as a pivotal moment in modern history.
"Kennedy's continued leadership set off a chain reaction of events that altered the
trajectory of the 20th century," remarks Dr. Emily Carter, a leading historian at Harvard
University. Without the tragic interruption of his presidency, Kennedy's commitment to
diplomacy and reform flourished, avoiding the escalation of the Vietnam War and fostering
a more peaceful resolution to the Cold War. His approach to Cuba, marked by cautious
diplomacy, averted the brink of nuclear war, leading to a gradual normalization of
relations.



Domestically, Kennedy's survival accelerated the Civil Rights Movement. His impassioned
advocacy led to the passage of landmark legislation earlier than in our timeline,
fostering racial equality and social justice. This era of progress also saw the Kennedy
brothersâ€”Robert and Tedâ€”playing instrumental roles in shaping American politics, cementing
the Kennedy name as a beacon of leadership and change.




ðŸ“° The Butterfly Effect: A World Without Tragedy
---------------------------------------------



The ramifications of JFK's survival extend beyond politics. The cultural landscape of the
1960s and beyond was deeply influenced by his presence. "The optimism and idealism of the
Kennedy era persisted, inspiring generations to strive for public service and social
activism," notes Dr. Michael Grant, a cultural historian. The arts and sciences flourished
under his patronage, and the space program, a pet project of Kennedy's, reached new
frontiers, possibly even achieving a manned Mars landing decades earlier.




ðŸ“° A Family Legacy Intact
----------------------



The Kennedy family's political dynasty, unmarred by tragedy, continued to shape American
politics. Robert F. Kennedy, not falling to an assassin's bullet in 1968, went on to win
the presidency, furthering his brother's vision. Ted Kennedy became a Senate stalwart,
championing progressive causes. The Kennedy name remained synonymous with leadership and
integrity, influencing political landscapes well into the 21st century.




ðŸ“° Reflections in 2025
-------------------



As we look back, the survival of John F. Kennedy offers a powerful lesson in the fragility
and potential of history. "It's a reminder that individual actions can have monumental
consequences," observes Dr. Carter. The world Kennedy helped build is one of diplomacy,
equality, and hopeâ€”a testament to the enduring power of visionary leadership.



In this reimagined world, the legacy of John F. Kennedy is not one of potential cut short,
but of possibilities realized. His story continues to inspire, a beacon of what could have
been, and what, in this alternate reality, became the foundation of a better world.





*This article is part of The Sun's "Rewriting History" series, exploring pivotal moments
that shaped the world we live in today.*